okay this is a another video I wanted to
do to show anybody who's having TPS
sensor problems or problems that are
described a mother video erratic
throttle simply sitting at idle revving
it up to around a thousand a little over
a thousand rpms and so forth having it
cut out and hesitate and sputter stall
out many a times and everything of
course as I as I said earlier that I
went doing completely clean throttle
body out to the full clean out on it
then I ran a treatment of seafoam
through it I did in facts on autozone
before I even started tear into it and
have the codes checked and everything it
wasn't a single code to be found at all
you know which have good idea to do to
begin with it's just I passed by it
enough everyday so anyways right here as
you can see this is your TPS sensor on
the 4.7 magnum of course it's the cop
sensor here there are three wires they
go to the the TPS sensor of course this
far one here is the black negative so
that's going to be your ground and the
center one of course is your your supply
line your supply wire so you can't see
it very well but I have the the negative
lead for my multi tester all the way at
the very back and I have the positive
lead right in the center I have my ohms
tester a little zoom in here
have it set on 20,000 ohms and as you
can see just simply by being turned on
there I'm getting an old reading of 2.4
and it is changing now I reach over here
and I'll push the throttle body down
which you know would just basically
close it again and I'm just holding it
closed just putting a little bit of
pressure on it and you can see it moving
down jump back up when I let off of it
okay
lighting there there we go
all right I'm going to start to move it
up slowly I've barely turned it at all
and you can see how erratic it is to
even stalling out there see if I can get
this to where you can see both me moving
the throttle body at the same time okay
there again we're at nothing
they jumped up to eight little over a
quarter by the third of the way take it
all the way very erratic and just you
know fruits about what you what I was
doing in my first video they're having
issues of getting up to about a thousand
rpms I'm just slightly open it here you
can see just barely opening and how it's
jumping all around falling out so there
you have it
anyone will go in tomorrow you know it
is is just two two Torx screws right
there